Scheduler: Add snapToCellsMode API Desc. (#8599)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxScheduler/1 Configuration/views/snapToCellsMode.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies how Scheduler snaps appointment edges to the cell grid when loading data (within a specific view).

Reviewer: In many programs the action is called "snap to grid". I wouldn't add extra words, such as "snap edges to cell grid". People usually know what "snap to grid" means. 

I'm also not sure about the part that says "when loading data". So if the view works in unbound mode (can it?), then this property doesn't work? Or what if the appointment is not loaded from the data source and was just created at runtime?  

```suggestion
Specifies how a Scheduler View snaps appointments to grid.
```

---

> If a Scheduler is bound to a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#dataSource), you can snap appointments to grid. If this functionality is active, the Scheduler increases appointment dimensions (never shrinks appointments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Scheduler is bound to a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#dataSource), you can choose whether the control snaps appointments to grid. If this functionality is active, the Scheduler increases appointment dimensions (never shrinks appointments).
```

> Scheduler supports snapping appointments loaded from the component [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#dataSource) to the cell grid. Scheduler increases appointment dimensions to implement this capability. The component does not shrink appointment containers to snap to the cell grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Scheduler is bound to a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#dataSource), you can snap appointments to grid. If this functionality is active, the Scheduler increases appointment dimensions (never shrinks appointments).
```

The following **snapToCellsMode** values are available:

> - *"always"*: Appointments occupy cells fully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *"always"*: Scheduler snaps all appointments to grid.
```

> - *"auto"*: Appointments that cover more than half of a cell are stretched to occupy the full cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *"auto"*: Appointments that cover more than half of a cell are stretched to occupy the entire cell.
```

> - *"never"*: Scheduler does not increase appointment dimensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *"never"*: Scheduler does not snap appointments to grid.
```

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies how a Scheduler View snaps appointments to grid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies how a Scheduler View snaps appointments to the grid.
```

---

> The Scheduler can snap appointments to the grid. When this feature is enabled, the component increases appointment dimensions and never reduces them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Scheduler can snap appointments to the grid. When **snapToCellsMode** is set to *"always"* or *"auto"*, the component increases appointment dimensions only.
```

> Scheduler can snap appointments to the cell grid. When this functionality is active, the component increases appointment dimensions (never shrinks appointments).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Scheduler can snap appointments to the grid. When this feature is enabled, the component increases appointment dimensions and never reduces them.
```

The following **snapToCellsMode** values are available:

> - *"always"*: Scheduler snaps all appointments to grid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *"always"*: Scheduler snaps all appointments to the grid.
```

- *"auto"*: Appointments that cover more than half of a cell are stretched to occupy the entire cell.

> - *"never"*: Scheduler does not snap appointments to grid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *"never"*: Scheduler does not snap appointments to the grid.
```
